Who are you, Ailey Calois?
Uh, that's odd. I came clean
about that, didn't I?
I'll ask a different question.
That night,
you bore witness to
my true form, correct?
[JAMES] Answer the question
if you want to live.
You choose silence?
Why would I align myself
with a complete unknown?
If death is your wish,
then stay quiet.
[AILEEN]
All right, allow me to explain.
Come out, Ribbon!
[JAMES gasps, grunts]
Get this creature off of me!
Make haste!
[AILEEN]
I want to protect you, James.
Really? Why's that?
[RIBBON barks]
As evidenced by my friend here,
I can summon demons.
At the bare minimum, this
should be more than enough
to prove I'm not
aligned with the church
that's currently
hunting you down.
See, I came here looking
for a demon, named Ashtarte.
I imagine you've heard
of him, haven't you?
Well, of course I've heard
of him. I am him.
Huh?!
[JAMES]
I was born half-demon.
No one at the academy knows.
Not even the other
student council members.
My father is the one who gave
me the demon name Ashtarte.
But I abandoned it long ago.
[AILEEN] I'm pretty sure I don't
remember that lore being
in the game.
I see.
They're using your name,
but you're not committing
the attacks.
Why would they do such a thing?
Who can say?
Most likely so that the true
villain can easily frame me
as the culprit.
If you don't mind, would you
send your demon away?
It would be a catastrophe if
someone saw it here with us.
And you need to be more
careful when running up
to strangers, little one.
I'm not as much like you
as my odor might suggest.
You remind me of someone.
Someone I care for deeply.
Uh, thank you?
The point is, I will do
my best to protect you.
But I'll need your help,
and you can start by
not reporting me
to the director.
I can't do that.
Too bad.
In that case,
come back now, Ri--
Enough, I concede!
You shouldn't use your
friend as a shield!
How cowardly.
[CLAUDE] And what about
the demons in the city?
[BELZEBUTH] They've been
instructed to evacuate the area.
[CLAUDE]
Excellent.
Keep an eye out for those
more easily corruptible.
We can't let Ashtarte
get to them.
[KEITH] Belzebuth and I are
going to start patrolling
the surrounding areas tomorrow.
I believe it's for the
best if you remain
right where you are, my lord.
Yes, I agree.
The sheer vastness of this
land is most inconvenient.
It's so lonely.
You must stay here.
The students will want to
see you at this festival
we've heard so much about.
I know, I'm hoping I can
make some friends there.
In my entire life, I have
never made a friend,
and I would very
much like to try it.
I'll do whatever I can to aid
in your quest, my lord.
A splendid idea.
Let's discuss the ways you
could introduce yourself.
Hello, there. I'm Lord Claude,
director, demon lord,
and ruler of you all!
Power might be imbalanced.
Is the intense pressure of your
position weighing on you?
It's not that complex,
I would simply like to have
a few friends.
Can't you see how badly our
lord craves companions?
You should go and prepare
some immediately.
I'm afraid friends aren't
something you can "prepare"
for someone else.
That's right. Luckily, I know
an expert in such matters.
I'll have to ask my darling
Aileen for her advice.
With a woman like
her by my side,
I can embrace the
aspects of my humanity
that I kept hidden
for far too long.
[KEITH]
Hear me! Please!
It's an esteemed school,
not a social club!
You have your position
to think about, my lord,
so please, save making
friends for another time.
But why?
[KEITH] Because it isn't right
that while we two are hard
at work, our leader is busy at
the playground making
little friends.
[thunder crashes]
[AILEEN]
Security force!
That pipe violates
school regulations!
Don't be a stick in the mud,
it's a festival!
[JAMES]
Hand it over now.
[STUDENT A]
Fine.
[AILEEN]
It's not demon incense.
Let's confiscate it and be on
our way, Ja--I mean, Blue.
[JAMES] I've never felt
so foolish in my life.
[AILEEN] Lord Claude seemed
fixated on the duck costume.
Where better to hide
than in plain sight?
[AUGUSTE]
Red! Blue!
[AILEEN]
Augu-- I mean Pink.
It's no time to amble about!
There's an entry deadline.
[AUGUSTE]
Huh? It's already time?!
I've gotta fly!
[AILEEN] There's more external
entries than I anticipated.
Do you think Auguste
can best them?
[JAMES]
He'll do well.
He has more muscle than mind.
[CLAUDE]
Thank goodness.
It appears they're still
accepting entries.
[JAMES]
The demon lord?
[AILEEN]
What? Lord Claude?!
Wow. You've got yourself
a whole flock.
[AUGUSTE]
I'm signed up and ready!
Huh? The director?
[CLAUDE]
You're mistaken.
Oh, my apologies, demon lord.
Though we look the
same, I am not he.
For I am no one.
A lowly traveler passing
through with the wind.
Ah! So you're working undercover
as an ordinary person!
I get it!
Correct.
That sounds like an idea
Keith would get behind.
Therefore, I'll go with it.
[JAMES]
Dressed like that?
[AILEEN] He's totally here
for play and not work!
This swordsmanship tournament
has piqued my interest.
Do either of you know
how I might enter?
Yes! I can show
you how to sign up.
I can also show you where
to find the best food stalls.
[JAMES]
Enter first and then eat.
You're running low on time.
[AILEEN] Could you not have
figured that out yourself, love?
Or is forcing teenage boys
to play "mommy" a must?
He's staring!
He's absolutely staring!
It's you.
The peculiar little duck who
came to get my signature.
Since our first encounter,
my curiosity about you
has been running rampant.
[AILEEN] You know, this
would be incredibly sexy
if I wasn't a freakin' duck!
Why dost thou run, duck?
[AILEEN squealing]
Lowly traveler?
You better get
your entry in soon.
[CLAUDE]
Right. Of course.
[AILEEN sighs]
At the very least,
it's good to see he's out and
about having fun with humans.
Heh.
I just wish I could've
explored the festival with him.
[WALT]
Red! Problem!
[KYLE] We've just received
instruction from the church
to hunt down the academy's
demon no matter the cost.
They've already spread incense
about the tournament grounds,
hoping to force the
beast out of hiding.
It's concealed in the
lanterns at the four corners
of the arena.
Once they're lit,
the incense will spread,
breaching the lungs of
everyone in the room.
Trouble is,
if we remove them,
we'll be labeled traitors,
and in a matter of moments,
the church's assassins
will be on our tails
to get rid of us.
We just heard the
director is entering the
swordsmanship tournament.
If he's exposed to a
high volume of incense,
he could transform
into a dragon.
[KYLE] It won't just be
the academy at risk.
The entire country
will be in danger.
We must think.
How can we convince
Lord Claude to withdraw
from the tournament?
The fact that he made it
through the preliminaries
without any magic and
only using his left hand
was a miracle.
I seriously doubt he'll
progress much further
with such a massive handicap.
False! It'd be impossible for my
brave Lord Claude to lose!
I need you to think harder!
Oh, spare me the love.
Well, I suppose there is
a more involved method.
Go on!
[ISAAC] Luc has been
developing a sleeping potion.
It's potent enough to
work on the demon lord,
human or dragon.
While the tournament rages on,
my love could sleep peacefully.
Here. Try.
This is the most
refreshing of waters,
drawn straight from
our local well.
I look forward to it.
[RACHEL] Oh, and best
of luck in the finals.
[CLAUDE]
Thank you.
I should rest for
a moment or two.
[AILEEN chuckles]
[AILEEN] If he can just stay
asleep, we can prevent him
from going dragon mode
and James from becoming
the final boss!
The Grand Duchy will be saved,
and Aileen d'Autriche
will evade yet another
unfortunate end!
[SELENA]
You in there, Lord Claude?
Lord Claude?
They're ready for you.
Hush, Selena,
I'm not Lord Claude,
but an ordinary man.
For now, you can
call me Sir Black.
[AILEEN]
The peak of creativity!
More importantly, why isn't
the potion working?
So, Sir Black.
Did you ever have a chance
to try those cookies I made
especially for you?
I did.
Oh, great.
So, tell me,
how are you feeling?
[AILEEN]
Huh? The she-devil.
I bet she used a love potion!
That must be what's throwing
off Luc's sleeping drug.
I feel quite all right.
Oh, well that's good to hear.
[AILEEN]
Sorry, Lord Claude.
Looks like I have
no other choice.
[ONLOOKER A]
Who's in the finals?!
[ONLOOKER B]
Some first-year named Auguste!
It's him against the demon lord.
[ONLOOKER A]
Whoa, who do you think will win?
[ONLOOKER C]
The demon lord, of course!
[CLAUDE]
You again.
Is there something
that you need?
[CROWD gasps]
[ONLOOKER D]
Finally! It's starting!
[WOMAN A]
Huh? It's the demon lord, and...
[WOMAN B]
...a duck?!
I've been curious about you
from the very beginning, duck.
Now you have my attention!
[AILEEN]
I just wanted to rile him up,
but I'm getting the
feeling I took it too far.
[CLAUDE]
You insulted my beloved fiancée.
A simple apology
isn't going to save you!
Quite the unsteady sword.
I can decipher neither
your sex nor age.
Reveal your identity now.
Fine, you can have it your way.
I'll know once I slice that
costume of yours to shreds!
[AILEEN]
Plot twist, this is perfect!
I'll just get Lord Claude
to destroy all the lanterns!
[KYLE]
Red!
[WALT]
We're coming!
[CROWD cheering]
[ONLOOKER E]
What is this?
[ONLOOKER F]
It must be some kind of skit!
[ONLOOKER G]
Yay!
Three against one now.
I get to fight the flock.
What fun.
[WALT] The church's men
are lighting the lanterns.
You would dare drop your guard?
[CHURCH MEMBERS grunt]
[CLAUDE]
What game are you playing?
What do you stand to gain
by insulting my Aileen?
Huh? What's going on here?
[KYLE]
Auguste! Help us!
Sure! Just tell me what
I need to do! I'll do it!
[WALT] I don't know, say,
"The demon lord's fiancée
is a hideous beast!"
Or something!
But you shouldn't say things
like that even if they're true!
[KYLE, WALT yell]
[KYLE, WALT grunt]
[AILEEN]
Yikes! Oh, gosh!
No way! We did it!
Uh-oh.
[AUGUSTE yells]
Now, Red! Get to safety!
[AUGUSTE]
What in the world is going on?
[WALT] We're doing a show
to excite the audience!
We wanted to show them full
strength of the security force.
[KYLE] Apologies for dragging
you into it, director!
So, you insulted my precious
fiancée for nothing more
than a cheap spectacle?
Red duck was the cruelest.
Such foul behavior cannot slide.
I will not stop
until it's in pieces.
And a note for the rest of you.
Apologies behind a
mask aren't sincere.
[WALT] Yes, sir.
You're absolutely right.
[AILEEN]
This is bad.
Unfortunate-end-level bad!
[KEITH] I respect you, my lord,
but I don't understand you!
Hi, Keith.
You're back quite early.
[KEITH]
Well, you see.
We heard that a certain demon
lord was causing a ruckus
and flew here as fast
as we could. Literally.
[BELZEBUTH]
Indeed.
What's more, we were able
to complete your orders
first, my lord.
I'm sure you're the
cause of this mess.
Did you try to make friends?
I knew that would backfire!
I might've contributed,
but I'm far from the cause
of this mayhem.
Playing accomplice
to chaos is no prize!
You shouldn't be mad.
I happened upon
a surprise for you.
The men littered about the floor
are agents of the church.
What?
[CLAUDE] They planted
something in the lanterns.
Collect them and
find out what's inside.
[AILEEN] He noticed the
demon incense? When?
I thoroughly apologize
for any trouble our lord
might have caused.
I will see to it that he
maintains a safe distance
from the remainder of
your festival activities.
Wait, what about
the final match?
You won, young man.
More accurately, you won
against my left hand, but...
Good work.
You're the winner nonetheless.
Wait, really? I am?
I'd like to challenge
you again someday.
Next time as your friend.
I'd love nothing more!
[WOMAN C]
It's magic!
[WOMAN D]
Well, this is a first!
[WOMAN E]
Wow!
I'll leave the rest to you.
And the next time
our paths cross,
I'll find out who
you truly are, duck.
[AILEEN] With that, the first
day of the school festival
is in the books.
The church stepped back
from the academy after that,
but we still couldn't find
the Ashtarte faker.
Or where all the demon
incense was coming from.
[AILEEN] The prize for becoming
princess is demon incense?
[ISAAC]
Correct.
Jasper received
the information from
an anonymous letter
to his newspaper.
[AUGUSTE]
Wow, Ailey.
Your secret organization
even has connections
to the press?!
You're the real deal!
[KYLE] After being foiled
at the tournament,
they would dare try the ball?
[WALT] We'll have to confirm
the prize to know for certain.
[JAMES]
It's being heavily guarded.
The guardian association
has a tight watch
on everything to
do with the ball.
Frankly, I'm at a bit
of a loss here.
[RACHEL] Um, I could take the
lead on this investigation.
I can try to become
the White Lily Princess.
That way we can get the prize.
Brilliant!
Sure you can handle that?
We can't have you
fainting from stage fright
and losing this for us.
[RACHEL]
Yes. I can do it!
[AUGUSTE] Word is that
Rachel has the best chance
to beat Selena.
I say she's got this.
Sounds like a
plausible plan to me.
I don't have any
objections to it.
Yes, neither do I.
Well, fine.
Our plan it shall be.
Great, I guess I should go
and prepare my dress now.
[gasps]
That's right. I sold my dress;
I completely forgot.
Not an issue.
We still have time
before the ball.
Why don't you go pick
out a gown with Isaac?
Why me? I'm far from a stylist.
I trust you.
All right, fine then. Let's go.
Well, run along.
Hey! I'm coming, wait for me!
[AILEEN] I can't believe they're
going to give the princess
demon incense.
That's certainly not how
it was in the game.
Wow.
Sorry for the wait.
It's tough to put on.
Isaac thought that it would
be best to go with something
a little showier than
my usual style.
Agreed. You look
incredible, Rachel.
I've got this!
It's hard to tell,
but I'll have you know
that my etiquette and social
skills are actually top notch!
It's the perfect chance to
prove myself to Sir Isaac.
If you do end up
White Lily Princess,
do you think you'll ask Isaac
to be your dance partner?
[laughs]
I'm quite curious why he
would be your choice.
When I suggested breaking
off the engagement,
my parents were against it,
my fiancé was irate,
and it seemed no one
was on my side.
The way everybody
was talking about it
made me question
my decision entirely.
But then Isaac said something
to me that let me know
I was doing the right thing.
Exquisitely done.
Those couple of
words alone filled me
with a newfound pride in myself.
That's why I'm going go out
there and try my best today,
and why I won't lose to Selena.
[AILEEN] That's exactly
how I felt when I went to
Cédric's ball.
[SELENA]
Aw, would you look at that!
You decided to enter
the competition after all?
That's right.
Guess I had a change of heart.
Lovely! Let's both try
our best then, yes?
Your dress is stunning;
I love the material.
Let me get a closer look.
[RACHEL yells]
[AILEEN]
Rachel!
I think I'm okay.
[SELENA]
Oh, no, my poor dress is ruined!
[STUDENTS chatter]
[STUDENT A] Lady Selena
fell down the stairs?
[STUDENT B]
Her dress got torn.
[STUDENT C]
Right before the competition?
[F STUDENT D] Do you think
one of them pushed her?
No way!
It's fine.
But Rachel...
It's okay, I know it
was just an accident.
Unfortunate timing,
but hopefully I can
still save my dress.
[AILEEN]
That snake.
How dare she endanger one
of my precious underlings,
and over some stupid pageant?!
Let's still give it our all
today, fair and square!
[ISAAC] Hey. What happened?
Are you okay?
It was just a little fall.
I'm fine.
[ISAAC]
You can barely stand up.
You won't be able to dance.
Why would you say that?
I just told you I'm fine!
Our plan as-is
won't reach fruition.
But I--
New idea.
Would you mind lending me
your dress for a little while,
Rachel?
[JAMES]
Is he serious?
Few have courage like our Ailey.
Even fewer have
such dainty features.
[GROUP]
Whoa.
He's so pretty.
Hi, gentlemen.
It's nice to meet you.